---
title: DMEEA-WP1MS1.3-24W11
date: 2024-03-11 01:13:00 +0000
author_id:
  name: Haotian MA
  github: TSdreamer
  url: tsdreamer.github.io
categories: [PhD Life]
tags: [weekly updates, DMEEA]


comments: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /images/Mar-2024/sceenshot2.png
  alt: March 4th, 2024 to March 11th, 2024
---



## Key Achievements This Week (Total Working Hours: 70)

| Task                                | Time Investment | Status (%) |
|-------------------------------------|-----------------|------------|
| Paper 2 Finalization                | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| 2 Abstract Review                   | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| Paper 3 (System Model Construction) | 5/70            | 7.14       |
| Next Step Determination             | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| Training about Carbon Calculation   | 5/70            | 7.14       |



## Detailed Progress Report

1. **Paper 2 Finalization**
   - **Time Investment:** 20 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 28.57% complete. The focus has been on finalizing the content, ensuring that the research findings are accurately represented and thoroughly analyzed.

2. **2 Abstract Review**
   - **Time Investment:** 20 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 28.57% complete. This task involved critically reviewing two abstracts for clarity, coherence, and impact, ensuring they accurately summarize the research findings and implications.

3. **Paper 3 (System Model Construction)**
   - **Time Investment:** 5 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 7.14% complete. Initial steps have been taken to construct the system model for Paper 3, laying the groundwork for more detailed development in the following weeks.





## This Weeks' Schedule (80 hours allocated)

- [x] Last Week's Schedule
  + [x] Review and Finalize Paper 2(component level) for Submission;
  + [ ] Model Construction to Paper 3(system level);
  + [x] Research Proposal for a new project;a

- [ ] This Week's Plan
  + [ ] Review and Finalize Paper 2(component level) for Submission;
  + [ ] Model Construction to Paper 3(system level);
  + [ ] Research Proposal for a new project;a

- [ ] This Month's Outcome
  + [ ] Upgration Materials;
  + [ ] Viva Preparation



